# react API

## captureOwnerStack
- Reads the current Owner Stack in development and returns it as a string if available.

## startTransition

- Render a part of the UI in the background.
- Not provide a way to track whether a Transition is pending, if need can use `useTransition` instead.

## use

- Read the value of a resource like a Promise or context.
- `async` and `await` pick up rendering from the point where await was invoked, whereas `use` re-renders the component after the data is resolved.

# react-dom API

## createPortal

- Render some children into a different part of the DOM.

## flushSync

- Uncommon and can hurt the performance of your app.
- Flush any updates inside the provided callback synchronously
- It can be helpful for integrating with third-party code like browser APIs.

## preconnect

- eagerly connect to a server that you expect to load resources from.

## prefetchDNS

- eagerly look up the IP of a server that you expect to load resources from.

## preinit

- react handle resource loading for you, so you might not have to call this API yourself
- eagerly fetch and evaluate a stylesheet or external script.

## preinitModule

- react handle resource loading for you, so you might not have to call this API yourself
- eagerly fetch and evaluate an ESM module.

## preload

- react handle resource loading for you, so you might not have to call this API yourself
- eagerly fetch a resource such as a stylesheet, font, or external script that you expect to use.

## preloadModule

- react handle resource loading for you, so you might not have to call this API yourself
- eagerly fetch an ESM module that you expect to use.
